JT edits pt 2 (#3776)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/operate/mobility/define-geometry.md

> no_list: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

description: "Specify your robot's dimensions and how it is positioned in space."
---

> Before you can use the motion planning or navigation services, you need to create a description of your machine's dimensions and how it is positioned relative to its surroundings.

Reviewer: to center the functionality rather than the service
```suggestion
Before you can use the motion planning or navigation with your machine, you need to create a description of your machine's dimensions and how it is positioned relative to its surroundings.
```

### Configure nested reference frames

Imagine you have a robotic arm attached to the actuator (moving part) of a [gantry](/components/gantry/).

Using a nested reference frame allows you to define the reference frame of the arm with respect to the end effector of the gantry.
This allows `viam-server` to correctly calculate the position of the end of the arm, taking into account the combined motion of the gantry and the arm.

1. Decide that the origin of the gantry and the origin of the `world` frame will be the same point.
   Pick a point on the stationary portion of the gantry and define it as `(0,0,0)`.
1. Pick a point on the gantry end effector where the arm is mounted, with the gantry end effector in what you consider to be the home position.
   This is the origin `(0,0,0)` of the arm reference frame.
1. Measure between these two points.
   For example, if the arm origin is 10 centimeters above the gantry/world origin, the translation is (0.00, 0.00, 0.10).

> 1. Configure the gantry reference frame and the arm reference frame as per the instructions in the section above, but set the `parent` of the arm as the gantry, and supply the translation you measured.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Configure the gantry reference frame and the arm reference frame according to the instructions in the section above, but set the `parent` of the arm as the gantry, and supply the translation you measured.
```
